Greetings Windows users.
Welcome to lesson 3b.
Here we're going to show
you how to flash Ubuntu
on to your DragonBoard with the SD card.
>> All right.
So,
the first thing we're going to
do is downlaod the Ubuntu image.
>> Afterward we're gonna
download the Win32diskimager,
which is just a program to help us
install the image file onto the SD card.
>> Once we have everything
downloaded that we need,
we're going to flash the image onto the
MicroSD card, using the win32diskimager.
>> Finally,
with that flashed image on the SD card,
we're going to go ahead and put it in
the DragonBoard, and install the OS.
>> All right.
So, with this in mind,
let's get started, and
we'll start downloading the Ubuntu image.